c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll.config
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.dll
c:\users\akhiljayan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll.config
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\ahmed\Documents\git\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\AkhilJayan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AkhilJayan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\AkhilJayan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AkhilJayan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AkhilJayan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll.config
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll.config
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\FlashControlV71.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\stdole.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.dll
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\obj\Debug\LogicUniversityStore.pdb
C:\Users\Imran\Desktop\AD-Project\LogicUniversityStore\LogicUniversityStore\bin\CrystalDecisions.Web.dll
